Updating UKIT009 (#370)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/icub_operating_systems/icubos/jetpack.md

At this point we are ready to flash.

!!! warning

>     If you want to configure your `Jetson Orin NX` to be used with `FRAMOS-IMX415` cameras, please refer to the [specific procedure](./setup-framos-imx415.md) from here on out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to configure your `Jetson Orin NX` to be used with `FRAMOS-IMX415` cameras, please refer to the [specific procedure](./setup-framos-imx415.md) from hereinafter.
```

sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade
```

After that, you can follow the guides listed above to install optional packages:

- [Install CUDA libraries](./install-cuda-libraries.md)
- [Install librealsense](./install-librealsense.md)
- [Install jtop](./install-jtop.md)

> - [Install CMake (for Ubuntu 18.04)](./install-cmake.md)

Reviewer: Same as above.
